Local Source Upload Doc. (#91)
shipwright-io/cli: docs/local_source_upload.md

Local Source Upload
-------------------

The purpose of project Shipwright is to transform source code into container images, using known strategies to accomplish this task.

> Now, with local source upload, we move Shipwright closer to the developer's inner loop, by allowing streaming local content to the Build Controller, running in a Kubernetes cluster, and creating a container image out of if. Users can try out Shipwright before submitting a pull-request, and rely on the cluster's computing power.

Reviewer: With this suggestion, I've made some minor copy-edits and hopefully strengthened the message.

# Usage

> The following steps represents the traditional workflow using local source upload:

Reviewer: The word, "traditional", here is confusing. It implies we're describing the old "pre-local source upload" way of doing things. How about:
```suggestion
To build an image by using the local source upload feature:
```

Author: It makes sense. thanks.

> 1. Create a Build or use a pre-existing one. On the Build resource we register the common settings, like the Build Strategy. For instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a Build or use a pre-existing one. On the Build resource register the common settings, like the Build Strategy. For example:
```

```bash
shp build create sample-nodejs \
    --source-url="https://github.com/shipwright-io/sample-nodejs.git" \
    --output-image="docker.io/<namespace>/sample-nodejs:latest"
```

> 2. Clone the repository, or use a pre-existing one. For instance:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Clone the repository or use a pre-existing one. For example:
```

```bash
git clone https://github.com/shipwright-io/sample-nodejs.git && \
    cd sample-nodejs
```

> 3. Keep working on the project, when you're ready to build a new container image with the local changes, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Keep working on the project. When you're ready to build a new container image with the local changes, run:
```

```bash
shp build upload sample-nodejs --follow \
    --output-image="docker.io/<namespace>/sample-nodejs:<tag>"
```

> 4. Rinse and repeat the previous step

Author: Yes, indeed.

> Notice we have a few placeholders delimited by `<>`, you should use a regular Container Registry where the Shipwright can push the images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notes: 
* In the preceding examples, replace placeholders like `<namespace>` and `<tag>` with values from your cluster environment.
* For `--output-image`, you can specify any Container Registry that Shipwright supports.
```

Reviewer: Copy edits to strengthen your message. Did I understand correctly?

# Streaming

> The subcommand `build upload` creates a new `BuildRun` for the informed `Build`. The newly created BuildRun contains settings to instruct the Build Controller to wait for local user upload, instead of cloning the external repository as usual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The subcommand `build upload` creates a new `BuildRun` for the informed `Build`. The newly created `BuildRun` contains settings to instruct the Build Controller to wait for the local user upload instead of cloning the external repository as usual.
```

The command-line interface will orchestrate the process of waiting the build POD for the BuildRun, and stream the informed directory, as soon as the POD is ready for it.

> Additionally, the data streamed to the cluster skips `.git` directory, when present, and likewise, skips the entries of`.gitignore` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data streamed to the cluster skips the `.git` directory, if present, and any entries specified by the `.gitignore` file.
```
